Adding the second edition of The State of Lightning by Arcane Research (#845)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/resources/design-research.md

## Independent research

#### [The State of Lightning Volume 2](https://arcane.no/research/reports/the-state-of-lightning-volume-2)

> _2022 by Arcane research_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Login required to access. 2022 by Arcane research_
```

Reviewer: @paulosacramento you'll have to press `Commit suggestion` above if you want to accept the change. `Resolve conversation` only closes the conversation without accepting the change.

> In this second edition, Arcane Research delivers valuable insights into the growth of Bitcoin's main payment layer. The report helps quantify and visualize what's happening right now with Lightning. Not only that, it also shows how it is solving real problems for people around the world.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this second edition, Arcane Research delivers valuable insights into the growth of bitcoin's lightning network. The report helps quantify and visualize what's happening right now with lightning. Not only that, it also shows how it is solving real problems for people around the world.
```

Author: Thanks for the correction.
